We are The DeFi Collective, a non-profit association fostering the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem through various initiatives to promote transparency, accessibility, and innovation in decentralizing the financial infrastructure. We harness all relevant on-chain and off-chain resources to foster a supportive environment where DeFi protocols can emerge as a trusted alternative to traditional financial services providers.

By supporting on-chain liquidity growth strategies, facilitating community engagement, publishing insightful reports, and diligently identifying and addressing decentralization vulnerabilities with impartial data, The DeFi Collective is committed to being an independent watchdog, dedicated to serving the best interests of the DeFi community.

Our flagship project - DeFiScan - is a research framework and analytics dashboard offering comprehensive and unbiased insights into the decentralization level of EVM DeFi applications.

DeFiScan is a public good to provide users with verifiable insights into the maturity and risk metrics of various DeFi platforms, helping them make informed decisions while engaging with these technologies.

DeFiScan promotes transparency, education, self-policing, and informed decision-making in DeFi. Like L2Beat, we use a stage (0-1-2) system to categorize projects based on their level of decentralization and the inherent risks associated with centralization.

Our goal is to cover 90% all the TVL of EVM chains this year and your funding will greatly contribute to this mission!

Website: deficollective.org - The DeFi Collective

Public Good Dashboard & Framework: defiscan.info - DeFiScan.

Public Repository: MIT Licence - GitHub - https://github.com/deficollective/defiscan

Team Information

Our team consists of 9 crypto natives and experienced professionals in blockchain technology, DeFi, software development, law and regulation, policy, and community engagement.

Board members include:

TokenBrice: A key figure in the DeFi community and an integral part of The DeFi Collective.

Nils: DeFi protocol architect and developer at The DeFi Collective.

Florian: Attorney at law with a focus on regulation and compliance.

Besides our board members, The DeFi Collective is supported by a group of dedicated contributors who play a vital role in various aspects of our operations, from technical development to community engagement.

Sustainability Plan

Operational expenses are covered by the treasury funded through previous donations and continuous on-chain rewards generated by the Collective. The Collective aims to fully self-sustain all operational expenses, meaning the Giveth donations are used exclusively to raise awareness, enhance the UX and API of DeFiScan API, and fund community reviews, rather than for administrative or operational costs.

You can check The DeFi Collective treasury is already generating rewards to support our missions through our first yearly financial report showcasing the financial details of our operations.

We also plan to establish strategic partnerships with educational institutions, incentive/grant programs, key blockchain foundations, and other actors (for-profits and non-profits) focused on DeFi to secure future funding opportunities.

Notable recent achievement:

-Reviewed 14 protocols since November (which notably led to Uniswap v3 verifying their contracts on Arbitrum and Base) and currently finishing the reviews of other protocols (Aave, Compound, Cat-in-a-box, Ethena, RocketPool and Morpho).

-Recruiting two full time smartcontracts reviewers.

-Hosting and participating in major Ethereum-centric events (ETHZurich, ETHBelgrade, ETHSofia, ETHBucharest, ETHDam, ETHPrague, ProtocolBerg, DappCon, ETHCC, & Devcon).