Ethereum Attestation Service (EAS) is an infrastructure public good for making attestations onchain or offchain about anything. Open-source, permissionless, token-free. Built by the community for the community. Live on mainnet, several L2s, & testnets.

Attestations are digital signatures on structured data used to build more trust online & onchain.
How do you decide who and what to trust? Our online and onchain worlds are filled with both genuine and deceptive information. We need a common way we can trust the authenticity of information and the safety of our interactions. Anytime you need to prove or verify something, attestations will play a critical role. Learn more about why we exist.



How It Works
EAS runs on two smart contracts — one for registering a schema and the other for making attestations with schemas. We've also created several dev tools to help builders build faster:

An attestation explorer to discover and create schemas + attestations
EAS SDK to easily start building
GraphQL API for each chain
Endless Docs for technical & non-technical builders


Who Uses It
We've already seen a few amazing use cases from the community such as:

Gitcoin Passport stamps & scores can be attested to onchain
Optimism RetroPGF applications & approvals are attestations (EAS is natively integrated into the OP Stack)
Coinbase attesting to verified accounts
Devfolio's quadratic voting for hackathons
Guild using attestations to gate communities & chat groups
and many more...


Where We're Focused
We're actively building out improvements to the attestation explorer experience
Continued builder education, awareness, and adoption
Building unique integrations such as (zkps generated from attestations)
Building out our builder programs that help promising attestation founders get access to the right people & support in the industry

Get In Touch With Us & Check Out Some Community Content
Community Content:

Ethereum Attestation Service - Unlocking Decentralized Identity - Bankless Podcast
Ethereum Attestation Service (EAS) - Explainer Video - Vaibhav Saini
ELI5 Ethereum Attestation Service (EAS) - Why You Should Care - Ryan Yi
Onchain Attestation Stats - Dune Dashboard - Ryan Yi
EAS Channels:

EAS Twitter (@eas_eth)
Mirror Articles
Builder Telegram
EAS GitHub

Milestones (4-6 months)

"""We recently just released a new EAS SDK (a few days ago) to support viem as a first class citizen.

Our focus from here is helping builders build faster. To do that, we're simplifying the devex quite a bit by first focusing on a major docs migration to Mintlify. This will simplify our content and help builders familiar with Ethereum and not familiar with Ethereum to start using EAS.

Next up we will be working on an improved explorer experience and ultimately building towards a developer studio that allows devs to manage their EAS schemas and projects more easily.

Other than that, we constantly help builders ship their projects as additional support. We will also be exploring other use case examples with upcoming trends like x402 and the role attestations can play."""

Please example how your project meets the round-specific eligibility criteria.

"""EAS is an open source public good and interop standard for making attestations onchain or offchain throughout Ethereum and its L2s.

It aligns directly with the focus of this round to:
- Advance Open Data initiatives: EAS is a shared data model for attested information (signed and structured data) that can be about anything. This standardization allows for anyone to verify and build upon that data permissionlessly. 
- Build interop infrastructure: as seen by the L2 Inbox use case by highlighting how attestations can be messaged across the Superchain.

In our 3 years, we have proven activity and impact! We still see it as our own """"day 1"""" as our mission is not complete until attestations are a fundamental primitive for the internet."""